{
  "In the Quran, this type of object provides the name for an Alexander the Great analogue who walls off": {
    "guess": "a city",
    "confidence": -12.44155629
  },
  "In the Quran, this type of object provides the name for an Alexander the Great analogue who walls off Gog and Magog. In the Metamorphoses, Theseus' host recounts losing one of these body parts in a contest": {
    "guess": "Theseus",
    "confidence": -9.567725796093999
  },
  "In the Quran, this type of object provides the name for an Alexander the Great analogue who walls off Gog and Magog. In the Metamorphoses, Theseus' host recounts losing one of these body parts in a contest to marry Deianeira. After wrestling with Heracles, the river god Achelous lost one of these body": {
    "guess": "Horn",
    "confidence": -11.043648885800001
  },
  "In the Quran, this type of object provides the name for an Alexander the Great analogue who walls off Gog and Magog. In the Metamorphoses, Theseus' host recounts losing one of these body parts in a contest to marry Deianeira. After wrestling with Heracles, the river god Achelous lost one of these body parts. In the Book of Revelation, the Beast from the Sea possesses (*) ten of these body parts representing": {
    "guess": "Ten toes",
    "confidence": -11.17673126
  },
  "In the Quran, this type of object provides the name for an Alexander the Great analogue who walls off Gog and Magog. In the Metamorphoses, Theseus' host recounts losing one of these body parts in a contest to marry Deianeira. After wrestling with Heracles, the river god Achelous lost one of these body parts. In the Book of Revelation, the Beast from the Sea possesses (*) ten of these body parts representing ten kings. Zeus' foster-mother Amalthea provided him with one of these objects that could": {
    "guess": "Zeus",
    "confidence": -11.980347500999999
  },
  "In the Quran, this type of object provides the name for an Alexander the Great analogue who walls off Gog and Magog. In the Metamorphoses, Theseus' host recounts losing one of these body parts in a contest to marry Deianeira. After wrestling with Heracles, the river god Achelous lost one of these body parts. In the Book of Revelation, the Beast from the Sea possesses (*) ten of these body parts representing ten kings. Zeus' foster-mother Amalthea provided him with one of these objects that could produce endless amounts of food. For 10 points, name this body part whose absence distinguishes the": {
    "guess": "Head",
    "confidence": -10.8963149575
  },
  "In the Quran, this type of object provides the name for an Alexander the Great analogue who walls off Gog and Magog. In the Metamorphoses, Theseus' host recounts losing one of these body parts in a contest to marry Deianeira. After wrestling with Heracles, the river god Achelous lost one of these body parts. In the Book of Revelation, the Beast from the Sea possesses (*) ten of these body parts representing ten kings. Zeus' foster-mother Amalthea provided him with one of these objects that could produce endless amounts of food. For 10 points, name this body part whose absence distinguishes the horse from the unicorn.": {
    "guess": "The tail",
    "confidence": -10.997387350000002
  }
}