{
  "Its zeta and eta stars are both referred to as Al Dhibain, though the latter is usually called Al Dhibain": {
    "guess": "Dhibain",
    "confidence": -11.0814299585
  },
  "Its zeta and eta stars are both referred to as Al Dhibain, though the latter is usually called Al Dhibain Prior. It also contains the double star Kuma, which defines a corner of it along with Grumium and": {
    "guess": "Pegasus",
    "confidence": -10.75295217324
  },
  "Its zeta and eta stars are both referred to as Al Dhibain, though the latter is usually called Al Dhibain Prior. It also contains the double star Kuma, which defines a corner of it along with Grumium and Rastaban. In addition, it houses both the Cat's Eye Nebula and the North Ecliptic Pole. Its alpha": {
    "guess": "Betelgeuse",
    "confidence": -9.32162762286
  },
  "Its zeta and eta stars are both referred to as Al Dhibain, though the latter is usually called Al Dhibain Prior. It also contains the double star Kuma, which defines a corner of it along with Grumium and Rastaban. In addition, it houses both the Cat's Eye Nebula and the North Ecliptic Pole. Its alpha star was once the pole star, a fact attested to by discoveries in the Great Pyramid of Khufu, and that": {
    "guess": "Alpha Centauri",
    "confidence": -10.2732590197
  },
  "Its zeta and eta stars are both referred to as Al Dhibain, though the latter is usually called Al Dhibain Prior. It also contains the double star Kuma, which defines a corner of it along with Grumium and Rastaban. In addition, it houses both the Cat's Eye Nebula and the North Ecliptic Pole. Its alpha star was once the pole star, a fact attested to by discoveries in the Great Pyramid of Khufu, and that alpha star has been named Thuban. FTP, name this constellation which shares its name with a ruler": {
    "guess": "Ursa Major ( constellation)",
    "confidence": -3.4266178486500003
  },
  "Its zeta and eta stars are both referred to as Al Dhibain, though the latter is usually called Al Dhibain Prior. It also contains the double star Kuma, which defines a corner of it along with Grumium and Rastaban. In addition, it houses both the Cat's Eye Nebula and the North Ecliptic Pole. Its alpha star was once the pole star, a fact attested to by discoveries in the Great Pyramid of Khufu, and that alpha star has been named Thuban. FTP, name this constellation which shares its name with a ruler of Athens who promulgated a notoriously harsh law code, and is from the Latin for \"dragon.\"": {
    "guess": "Draco (constellation)",
    "confidence": -7.386494286823
  }
}