{
  "The DC Josephson effect occurs because of this effect. This effect is used in STMs, which are a type": {
    "guess": "Superconducting tunnel junction",
    "confidence": -8.7718106223
  },
  "The DC Josephson effect occurs because of this effect. This effect is used in STMs, which are a type of microscopes. Calculating the probability of this happening for a Heaviside step function requires": {
    "guess": "The Bose-Einstein condens",
    "confidence": -6.069215711299999
  },
  "The DC Josephson effect occurs because of this effect. This effect is used in STMs, which are a type of microscopes. Calculating the probability of this happening for a Heaviside step function requires using the boundary conditions that the wavefunction and its derivative have to be continuous everywhere.": {
    "guess": "Quantum tunnelling",
    "confidence": -8.090864324912
  },
  "The DC Josephson effect occurs because of this effect. This effect is used in STMs, which are a type of microscopes. Calculating the probability of this happening for a Heaviside step function requires using the boundary conditions that the wavefunction and its derivative have to be continuous everywhere. The probability of this happening has a hyperbolic sine squared in its denominator and this was": {
    "guess": "The Heaviside step function",
    "confidence": -5.3210447596599995
  },
  "The DC Josephson effect occurs because of this effect. This effect is used in STMs, which are a type of microscopes. Calculating the probability of this happening for a Heaviside step function requires using the boundary conditions that the wavefunction and its derivative have to be continuous everywhere. The probability of this happening has a hyperbolic sine squared in its denominator and this was used to explain (*) alpha decay as protons would need a large amount of energy to leave the nucleus.": {
    "guess": "The DC Josephson effect",
    "confidence": -7.6732759866193
  },
  "The DC Josephson effect occurs because of this effect. This effect is used in STMs, which are a type of microscopes. Calculating the probability of this happening for a Heaviside step function requires using the boundary conditions that the wavefunction and its derivative have to be continuous everywhere. The probability of this happening has a hyperbolic sine squared in its denominator and this was used to explain (*) alpha decay as protons would need a large amount of energy to leave the nucleus. This effect happens when a potential barrier is greater than the energy of a moving particle and": {
    "guess": "Electromagnetism",
    "confidence": -8.821901715553999
  },
  "The DC Josephson effect occurs because of this effect. This effect is used in STMs, which are a type of microscopes. Calculating the probability of this happening for a Heaviside step function requires using the boundary conditions that the wavefunction and its derivative have to be continuous everywhere. The probability of this happening has a hyperbolic sine squared in its denominator and this was used to explain (*) alpha decay as protons would need a large amount of energy to leave the nucleus. This effect happens when a potential barrier is greater than the energy of a moving particle and the particle moves through the barrier. For 10 points, name this quantum mechanical effect.": {
    "guess": "The Heaviside step",
    "confidence": -8.626469521
  }
}