{
  "He was always kinda partial to the sequined shirts of Roy Rogers, and tells himself that if he'd stopped": {
    "guess": "Dale Evans",
    "confidence": -10.0296682075
  },
  "He was always kinda partial to the sequined shirts of Roy Rogers, and tells himself that if he'd stopped Mr. Takagi's murder, he'd be dead himself. He dispatches of one enemy by taking back his wife's": {
    "guess": "The Outlaw Josey Wales",
    "confidence": -5.62380192797
  },
  "He was always kinda partial to the sequined shirts of Roy Rogers, and tells himself that if he'd stopped Mr. Takagi's murder, he'd be dead himself. He dispatches of one enemy by taking back his wife's watch, and causes a helicopter to explode by shooting down a power line immediately above it. To get": {
    "guess": "James Bond",
    "confidence": -9.6146699573
  },
  "He was always kinda partial to the sequined shirts of Roy Rogers, and tells himself that if he'd stopped Mr. Takagi's murder, he'd be dead himself. He dispatches of one enemy by taking back his wife's watch, and causes a helicopter to explode by shooting down a power line immediately above it. To get an airport security guard to cooperate, he shoots a machine gun full of blanks at him, and soon after": {
    "guess": "Colonel Kurtz",
    "confidence": -11.03699616
  },
  "He was always kinda partial to the sequined shirts of Roy Rogers, and tells himself that if he'd stopped Mr. Takagi's murder, he'd be dead himself. He dispatches of one enemy by taking back his wife's watch, and causes a helicopter to explode by shooting down a power line immediately above it. To get an airport security guard to cooperate, he shoots a machine gun full of blanks at him, and soon after blows up a plane hijacked by Col. Stuart using a lighter. FTP, what New York detective is played": {
    "guess": "Joe Friday",
    "confidence": -12.397114649999999
  },
  "He was always kinda partial to the sequined shirts of Roy Rogers, and tells himself that if he'd stopped Mr. Takagi's murder, he'd be dead himself. He dispatches of one enemy by taking back his wife's watch, and causes a helicopter to explode by shooting down a power line immediately above it. To get an airport security guard to cooperate, he shoots a machine gun full of blanks at him, and soon after blows up a plane hijacked by Col. Stuart using a lighter. FTP, what New York detective is played by Bruce Willis in the Die Hard movies?": {
    "guess": "John McClane",
    "confidence": -8.5869528947
  }
}